DO YOU THINK THEY HAVE
YESTERDAY'S DAILY NEWS?
I JUST WANT
TO CHECK MY HOROSCOPE
TO SEE IF IT
WAS RIGHT.
OH, MY GOD!
PHOEBE, DON'T LOOK NOW
BUT BEHIND YOU IS A GUY
WHO HAS THE POTENTIAL
TO BREAK OUR HEARTS
AND PLUNGE US
INTO A PIT OF DEPRESSION.
WHERE?
COME TO MAMA.
HE'S COMING.
BE COOL.
NICE HAT.
Both:
THANKS.
WE SHOULD DO
SOMETHING-- WHISTLE.
WE ARE NOT GOING
TO WHISTLE.
DO IT!
NO!
DO IT! DO IT!
WHOO-HOO!
[TIRES SCREECHING]
[THUD]
OH! I CAN'T BELIEVE
YOU DID THAT!
♪ SO NO ONE TOLD YOU
LIFE WAS GONNA BE THIS WAY ♪
♪ YOUR JOB'S A JOKE,
YOU'RE BROKE ♪
♪ YOUR LOVE LIFE'S D.O.A. ♪
♪ IT'S LIKE YOU'RE ALWAYS
STUCK IN SECOND GEAR ♪
♪ AND IT HASN'T BEEN YOUR DAY ♪
♪ YOUR WEEK, YOUR MONTH,
OR EVEN YOUR YEAR ♪
♪ BUT I'LL BE THERE FOR YOU ♪
♪ WHEN THE RAIN
STARTS TO FALL ♪
♪ I'LL BE THERE FOR YOU ♪
♪ LIKE I'VE BEEN THERE BEFORE ♪
♪ 'CAUSE YOU'RE THERE
FOR ME TOO. ♪
Monica:
WHY DID I "WHOO-HOO"?
WHAT WAS I
HOPING WOULD HAPPEN?
THAT HE'D TURN AROUND
AND SAY
"OOH. I LOVE THAT SOUND.
I MUST HAVE YOU NOW."
I JUST WISH THERE
WAS SOMETHING WE COULD DO.
HELLO.
HELLO, COMA GUY.
GET UP, YOU GIRL SCOUT!
UP! UP! UP!
PHOEBE, WHAT ARE
YOU DOING?
MAYBE NOBODY'S TRIED THIS.
I WISH WE AT LEAST
KNEW HIS NAME.
WOULD YOU LOOK
AT THAT FACE?
I MEAN, EVEN SLEEPING,
HE LOOKS SMART.
I BET HE'S A LAWYER.
YOU SEE THE DENTS
IN HIS KNUCKLES?
THAT MEANS HE'S ARTISTIC.
OKAY. HE'S A LAWYER
WHO TEACHES SCULPTING
ON THE SIDE.
AND HE CAN DANCE.
OH, YEAH. HE'S
THE KIND OF GUY
WHO, WHEN YOU'RE TALKING,
HE'S LISTENING
AND NOT SAYING,
"YEAH, I UNDERSTAND."
BUT REALLY WONDERING
WHAT YOU LOOK LIKE NAKED.
OH, DEFINITELY!
I WISH ALL GUYS
COULD BE LIKE HIM.
I KNOW.
ARE THERE NO
CONSCIOUS MEN
IN THE CITY
FOR YOU TWO?
HE DOESN'T HAVE ANYONE.
YEAH. WE FEEL
KIND OF RESPONSIBLE.
I CAN'T BELIEVE
YOU SAID "WHOO-HOO."
I DON'T EVEN
SAY "WHOO-HOO."
OH! SHE'S COMING UP!
When we come back,
we'll be talking about
her new book
Euphoria Unbound.
The always interesting
Nora Tyler Bing.
You might want to put the kids
to bed for this one.
WE DON'T HAVE
TO WATCH THIS.
WEEKEND AT BERNIE'S
IS ON SHOWTIME.
NO WAY!
OH, COME ON.
SHE'S YOUR MOM.
EXACTLY.
WEEKEND AT BERNIE'S!
DEAD GUY GETTING HIT
IN THE GROIN 20, 30 TIMES!
CHANDLER, I'VE GOT
TO TELL YOU.
I LOVE
YOUR MOM'S BOOKS.
I CANNOT GET
ON A PLANE WITHOUT ONE.
THIS IS SO COOL.
YOU WOULDN'T THINK
SO IF YOU WERE 11
AND ALL YOUR FRIENDS
WERE PASSING AROUND
PAGE 79
OF MISTRESS BITCH.
I LOVE YOUR MOM.
I THINK SHE'S A BLAST.
YEAH. BECAUSE SHE'S
NOT YOUR MOM.
Chandler:
PLEASE.
BUONA SERA.
HI, SWEETIE.
WHEN DID RIGATONI
GET BACK FROM ROME?
LAST NIGHT.
REALLY? SO THEN
HIS PLANE DIDN'T EXPLODE
IN A BIG BALL OF FIRE?
JUST A DREAM I HAD.
BUT, PHEW!
HEY! HEY! SHE'S ON!
AH! NORA BING!
Before we get to the book
now what is this about you
being arrested in London?
YOUR MOM WAS ARRESTED?
SHH! SHH!
I'M BUSY BEAMING WITH PRIDE.
THIS IS KIND
OF EMBARRASSING, BUT...
OCCASIONALLY, AFTER I'VE BEEN
INTIMATE WITH A MAN...
WHY WOULD SHE SAY
THAT'S EMBARRASSING?
All:
SHH!
I JUST GET THIS CRAVING
FOR KUNG PAO CHICKEN.
THAT'S TOO MUCH INFORMATION!
SO NOW YOU'RE DOING
THIS WHOLE BOOK TOUR THING.
HOW IS THAT GOING?
FINE. I'M LEAVING
FOR NEW YORK TOMORROW--
WHICH I HATE.
BUT I GET TO SEE MY SON,
WHO I LOVE.
All:
AW!
OH. AND THIS IS THE WAY
THAT I FIND OUT.
MOST MOM'S USE THE PHONE.
YOU KNOW, I...
DON'T TAKE THIS WRONG--
I JUST DON'T SEE YOU AS A MOM
SOMEHOW-- I DON'T
MEAN THAT BAD.
OH. NO.
I AM A FABULOUS MOM.
I BOUGHT MY SON
HIS FIRST CONDOMS.
AND THEN HE BURST INTO FLAMES.
Monica:
OH. LET'S SEE.
CONGRESS IS DEBATING
A NEW DEFICIT BILL.
THE MAYOR WANTS TO RAISE
SUBWAY FARES AGAIN.
THE HIGH TODAY WAS 45.
AND...
OH, AND TEAMS PLAYED SPORTS.
( "My Guy"
by Mary Wells playing )
♪♪
Phoebe:
WHAT ABOUT "GLEN"?
HE COULD BE A "GLEN."
UH-UH.
NOT SPECIAL ENOUGH.
HOW ABOUT "AGAMEMNON"?
WAY TOO SPECIAL.
MMM. I AM FAMISHED.
WHAT DO I WANT?
PLEASE, GOD,
DON'T LET IT BE
KUNG PAO CHICKEN.
OH! YOU WATCHED THE SHOW!
WHAT DID YOU THINK?
I THINK YOU NEED
TO COME OUT
OF YOUR SHELL JUST A...
WHAT IS THIS DIVE?
ONLY YOU COULD HAVE
PICKED THIS PLACE.
OH! COME ON.
SHUT UP. IT'S FUN.
GIVE ME A HUG.
I THINK WE'RE READY
FOR SOME TEQUILA.
WHO'S DOING SHOTS?
YEAH. I'M IN.
THERE YOU GO...
ROSS?
I'M NOT REALLY A SHOT DRINKING
KIND OF GUY.
SORRY! SORRY!
WE'RE LATE.
WE, UH, KIND OF JUST
YOU KNOW,
LOST TRACK OF TIME.
BUT A MAN CAN CHANGE.
ANYONE WANT ME
TO APPRAISE ANYTHING?
I HAVE READ EVERYTHING
YOU'VE WRITTEN.
WHEN I READ
EUPHORIA AT MIDNIGHT
I WANTED TO BECOME A WRITER.
OH! PLEASE, HONEY!
IF I CAN DO IT,
ANYBODY CAN.
YOU JUST START
WITH HALF A DOZEN
EUROPEAN CITIES
30 EUPHEMISMS
FOR MALE GENITALIA--
BAM! YOU'VE GOT
YOURSELF A BOOK.
MY MOTHER,
LADIES AND GENTLEMEN.
YEAH. ANY MESSAGES
FOR ROOM 226?
YOU OKAY, SLUGGER?
OH. YEAH. I'M FINE.
I'M FINE.
( sniffs )
( sighs )
WHAT IS WITH YOU
TONIGHT?
NOTHING.
NOTHING. NOTHING. NOTHING.
OKAY. THANK YOU.
( sighs )
IT'S THE ITALIAN
HAND-LICKER, ISN'T IT?
NO. IT'S THE ONE
HE'S LICKING.
SHE'S SUPPOSED
TO BE WITH YOU.
YOU'RE GOOD.
OH, ROSS, LISTEN TO ME.
I HAVE SOLD A HUNDRED MILLION
COPIES OF MY BOOKS--
AND YOU KNOW WHY?
THE GIRL ON THE COVER
WITH HER NIPPLES SHOWING?
NO. BECAUSE I KNOW
HOW TO WRITE MEN
THAT WOMEN FALL
IN LOVE WITH.
BELIEVE ME.
I CANNOT SELL A PAOLO.
PEOPLE WILL NOT TURN
325 PAGES FOR A PAOLO.
COME ON. THE GUY'S
A SECONDARY CHARACTER.
HE'S JUST, UH, YOU KNOW
A COMPLICATION YOU
EVENTUALLY KILL OFF.
WHEN?
HE'S NOT A HERO.
YOU KNOW WHO OUR HERO IS?
THE GUY ON THE COVER
WITH HIS NIPPLES SHOWING?
NO. IT'S YOU.
PLEASE.
NO. REALLY. COME ON.
YOU'RE SMART. YOU'RE SEXY.
OH. RIGHT.
LISTEN TO ME, KIDDO.
YOU'RE GOING
TO BE FINE.
BELIEVE ME.
UH-OH.
UH...
I'LL JUST PEE
IN THE STREET.
( knocking )
HEY, IS CHANDLER HERE?
YEAH.
OKAY, COME HERE.
OKAY. ABOUT LAST NIGHT.
YOU KNOW. CHANDLER.
YOU DIDN'T TELL...
OKAY!
'CAUSE I'M THINKING
WE DON'T NEED
TO TELL CHANDLER.
ONE KISS--
NO BIG DEAL, RIGHT?
NO BIG DEAL.
OKAY.
IN BIZARRO WORLD!
YOU BROKE THE CODE.
WHAT CODE?
YOU DON'T KISS
YOUR FRIEND'S MOM.
SISTERS ARE OKAY,
MAYBE A HOT-LOOKIN' AUNT
BUT NOT A MOM.
NEVER A MOM!
WHAT ARE YOU GUYS
DOING OUT HERE?
AH, JOEY AND I
HAD DISCUSSED
AN EARLY-MORNING
RACQUETBALL GAME
BUT, APPARENTLY,
SOMEBODY OVERSLEPT.
WELL, YOU DON'T
HAVE YOUR RACQUET.
NO. NO, I DON'T BECAUSE
IT'S BEING RESTRUNG.
SOMEBODY WAS SUPPOSED
TO BRING ME ONE.
WELL, YOU DIDN'T CALL
AND LEAVE YOUR GRIP SIZE.
YOU GUYS SPEND WAY
TOO MUCH TIME TOGETHER.
OKAY, I'M SCUM.
I'M SCUM.
ROSS, HOW COULD YOU
LET THIS HAPPEN?
I DON'T KNOW!
IT'S NOT LIKE SHE'S
A REGULAR MOM.
SHE'S-SHE'S SEXY. SHE'S...
YOU DON'T THINK MY MOM'S SEXY?
WELL, NOT IN THE SAME WAY.
HEY!
I'LL HAVE YOU KNOW
GLORIA TRIBBIANI
WAS A HANDSOME WOMAN
IN HER DAY, ALL RIGHT?
YOU THINK IT'S EASY GIVING
BIRTH TO SEVEN CHILDREN?
HUH?
OKAY. I THINK WE'RE GETTING
INTO A WEIRD AREA HERE.
HEY.
WHAT ARE YOU GUYS
DOING OUT HERE?
WELL, NOT PLAYING
RACQUETBALL.
HE FORGOT TO LEAVE
HIS GRIP SIZE.
HE DIDN'T GET
THE GOGGLES.
OH.
WELL... SOUNDS LIKE
YOU TWO HAVE ISSUES.
BYE, BABY.
CIAO, BELLA.
( kissing noises )
DO THEY WAIT FOR ME
TO DO THIS?
SO, ARE YOU
GOING TO TELL HIM?
I'M NOT GOING TO TELL HIM.
WHY WOULD I?
CAUSE IF YOU DON'T,
HIS MOTHER MIGHT.
OH.
WHAT ARE YOU GUYS DOING HERE?
AH, HE'S NOT EVEN
WEARING A JOCK STRAP.
WHAT DID I ASK?
HI.
WHAT ARE YOU DOING HERE?
NOTHING. I JUST
THOUGHT I'D STOP BY
YOU KNOW, AFTER THE, AH,
THAT I, YOU KNOW.
WHAT ARE YOU DOING HERE?
UM, I'M NOT REALLY HERE.
I...JUST THOUGHT I'D
DROP THESE OFF ON...
THE WAY. MY WAY.
DO YOU, UM,
COME HERE A LOT...
WITHOUT ME?
NO.
NO! NO!
DO YOU THINK HE'S
DOING ANY BETTER
THAN HE WAS THIS MORNING?
HOW WOULD I KNOW?
I-I WASN'T HERE.
REALLY? NOT EVEN TO, UM...
CHANGE HIS PAJAMAS?!
OH, MY GOD.
YOU'RE MY FRIEND. I...
I HAD TO TELL YOU.
I CAN'T BELIEVE IT.
PAOLO KISSED MY MOM?
YEAH. I DON'T KNOW
IF YOU NOTICED
BUT HE HAD A LOT TO DRINK.
YOU KNOW HOW HE GETS
WHEN HE'S DRU...
I CAN'T DO THIS. I DID IT.
IT WAS ME. I'M SORRY.
I KISSED YOUR MOM.
WHAT?
I WAS UPSET
ABOUT RACHEL AND PAOLO
AND I THINK I HAD
TOO MUCH TEQUILA AND NORA...
UM, MRS. MOM,
YOUR BING, WAS, AH...
WAS JUST BEING NICE
YOU KNOW,
BUT NOTHING HAPPENED
NOTHING. ASK JOEY.
JOEY CAME IN...
YOU KNEW ABOUT THIS?
YOU KNOW, KNOWLEDGE
IS A TRICKY THING.
I SPENT THE ENTIRE DAY WITH YOU.
WHY DIDN'T YOU TELL ME?
YOU'RE LUCKY I CAUGHT THEM.
WHO KNOWS
WHAT WOULD HAVE HAPPENED?
THANKS, MAN. BIG HELP.
WHAT THE HELL
WERE YOU THINKING?!
I WASN'T. I DON'T KNOW...
NO ONE KNOWS THE
CRAP I GO THROUGH
WITH MY MOM MORE THAN YOU.
I KNOW.
I CAN'T BELIEVE
YOU DID THIS.
ME NEITHER.
I'M MAD AT YOU
FOR NOT TELLING ME.
YOU GOTTA LET ME
SLAM THE DOOR!
I DIDN'T KISS HER.
SEE WHAT HAPPENS
WHEN YOU BREAK THE CODE?
JOEY!
AH... UH?!
HI, RACH.
HEY.
AH...
A WOMAN UNDONE,
BY RACHEL KAREN GREEN.
YEAH. THOUGHT I'D
GIVE IT A SHOT.
I'M STILL ON THE FIRST CHAPTER.
NOW, DO YOU THINK
HIS LOVE STICK
CAN BE LIBERATED
FROM ITS DENIM PRISON?
YEAH. I'D SAY SO.
AND THERE'S NO "J"
IN ENGORGED.
HEY, RACH.
HEY.
HELLO.
GOING TO THE HOSPITAL TONIGHT?
NO. YOU?
YOU JUST ASKED ME.
OKAY. MAYBE IT WAS
A TRICK QUESTION.
UM, RACHEL, CAN WE
DO THIS NOW?
OKAY.
I AM SO HOT!
HERE'S A PICTURE OF MY MOTHER
AND FATHER ON THEIR WEDDING DAY.
YOU TELL ME SHE'S
NOT A KNOCKOUT.
HUH?
I CANNOT BELIEVE WE'RE
HAVING THIS CONVERSATION.
JUST TRY TO PICTURE HER
NOT PREGNANT. THAT'S ALL.
CENTRAL PERK IS PROUD
TO PRESENT MISS PHOEBE BUFFAY.
THANKS.
HI. UM, I'D LIKE
TO START WITH A SONG
THAT'S ABOUT A MAN
THAT I RECENTLY MET
WHO'S COME TO BE
VERY IMPORTANT TO ME.
♪ YOU DON'T HAVE TO BE AWAKE
TO BE MY MAN ♪
♪ LONG AS YOU HAVE BRAIN WAVES ♪
♪ I'LL BE THERE
TO HOLD YOUR HAND ♪
♪ THOUGH WE JUST MET THE OTHER
DAY, THERE'S SOMETHING ♪
♪ I HAVE GOT TO SAY... ♪
OKAY. THANK YOU VERY MUCH
I'M GOING TO TAKE
A SHORT BREAK.
Rachel:
HEY, THAT WAS
PHOEBE BUFFAY, EVERYBODY.
WHAT THE HELL WAS THAT?
PHOEBE JUST STARTED HER...
I BELIEVE I WAS
TALKING TO JOEY.
ALL RIGHT THERE,
MOTHER KISSER?
MOTHER KISSER!
( seriously ):
I'LL SHUT UP.
CHANDLER, I KNOW
YOU'RE STILL MAD AT ME.
I JUST WANT TO SAY THERE WERE
TWO PEOPLE THERE THAT NIGHT.
OKAY? THERE WERE
TWO SETS OF LIPS.
I EXPECT THIS
FROM HER.
OKAY? SHE'S ALWAYS BEEN
A FREUDIAN NIGHTMARE.
IF SHE ALWAYS
BEHAVES LIKE THIS
WHY DON'T YOU
SAY SOMETHING?
IT'S COMPLICATED.
IT'S COMPLEX. IT'S...
HEY! YOU KISSED MY MOM!
WE'RE REHEARSING
A GREEK PLAY.
THAT'S VERY FUNNY.
ARE WE DONE NOW?
NO. YOU'RE NOT GOING
TO TALK TO HER?
TELL HER HOW YOU FEEL?
NO. JUST BECAUSE YOU PLAYED
TONSIL TENNIS WITH MY MOM
DOESN'T MEAN YOU KNOW HER.
YOU CAN'T TALK TO HER.
OKAY. YOU CAN'T OR YOU CAN'T?
OKAY. THAT'S MY FINGER.
OKAY. THAT'S MY KNEE.
STILL DOING THE PLAY.
( turns groan into singing )
ALL RIGHT.
WHAT'D YOU DO WITH HIM?
( toilet flushing )
YOU'RE AWAKE!
LOOK AT YOU!
HOW DO YOU FEEL?
AH, A LITTLE WOOZY
BUT BASICALLY OKAY.
GOSH, YOU LOOK GOOD.
I FEEL GOOD.
WHO ARE YOU?
SORRY!
I'M PHOEBE BUFFAY.
I'M MONICA GELLER.
I'VE BEEN TAKING CARE OF YOU.
WE BOTH HAVE.
THE ETCH-A-SKETCH IS FROM YOU?
IT'S FROM ME.
I GOT
THE FOOT MASSAGER.
I SHAVED YOU.
THAT WAS ME.
I READ TO YOU.
I SANG. HAH!
WELL... THANKS.
MY PLEASURE.
YOU'RE WELCOME.
SO... I GUESS
I'LL SEE YOU AROUND.
WHAT, THAT'S IT?
"SEE YOU AROUND"?
WELL, WHAT DO YOU
WANT ME TO SAY?
OH, I DON'T KNOW.
MAYBE, UH, "THAT WAS NICE."
IT MEANT SOMETHING TO ME.
I'LL CALL YOU.
ALL RIGHT.
I DON'T THINK
YOU MEAN THAT.
THIS IS SO TYPICAL.
YOU KNOW, WE GIVE
AND WE GIVE AND WE GIVE
AND THEN WE JUST
GET NOTHING BACK
AND THEN ONE DAY, YOU WAKE
UP AND "SEE YOU AROUND."
LET'S GO, PHOEBE.
YOU KNOW WHAT?
WE THOUGHT YOU
WERE DIFFERENT
BUT I GUESS IT
WAS JUST THE COMA.
Nora:
SO, I WAS RUNNING DOWNSTAIRS
I JUST WANTED TO DROP OFF COPIES
OF MY BOOK FOR YOUR FRIENDS.
ANYTHING YOU WANT
FROM LISBON?
NO, NO. JUST KNOWING YOU'RE
GOING TO BE THERE IS ENOUGH.
ALL RIGHT, WELL, BE GOOD.
I LOVE YOU.
YOU KISSED MY BEST ROSS!
OR SOMETHING TO THAT EFFECT.
OKAY.
LOOK, IT WAS STUPID.
REALLY STUPID.
REALLY STUPID AND...
I DON'T EVEN KNOW
HOW IT HAPPENED.
I'M SORRY, HONEY, AND I PROMISE
IT WILL NEVER HAPPEN AGAIN.
ARE WE OKAY?
YEAH...
NO.
AH. THE FORBIDDEN LOVE
OF A MAN AND HIS DOOR.
SHH!
HE DID IT! HE TOLD HER OFF
AND NOT JUST ABOUT THE KISS,
ABOUT EVERYTHING.
YOU'RE KIDDING!
HE SAID, "WHEN YOU GONNA
GROW UP AND BE A MOM?"
WOW!
WAIT! SHE
CAME BACK WITH
"WHEN ARE YOU GOING TO GROW UP
AND REALIZE I HAVE A BOMB?"
OKAY, WAIT A MINUTE.
ARE YOU SURE SHE DIDN'T SAY
"WHEN ARE YOU GOING TO GROW UP
AND REALIZE I AM YOUR MOM?"
THAT MAKES MORE SENSE.
YOU THINK?
YEAH.
SO WHAT'S
GOING ON NOW?
I DON'T KNOW.
I'VE BEEN STANDING HERE
SPELLING IT OUT FOR YOU.
( whispering ):
I DON'T HEAR ANYTHING.
WAIT, WAIT, WAIT!
WHAT DO YOU SEE?
IT'S HARD TO TELL.
THEY'RE SO TINY AND UPSIDE DOWN.
WAIT, WAIT, WAIT!
THEY'RE WALKING AWAY,
THEY'RE WALKING AWAY...
NO! NO, THEY'RE NOT!
THEY'RE COMING RIGHT AT US!
RUN, RUN!
YOU OKAY, KIDDO?
YEAH, I'M OKAY.
ALL RIGHT. YOU BE GOOD.
FLY SAFE.
MRS. BING.
MR. GELLER.
HEY!
YOU MEAN THAT?
YEAH.
WHY NOT?
SO I TOLD HER.
OH... HOW DID IT GO?
AWFUL... AWFUL.
COULDN'T HAVE GONE WORSE.
WELL... HOW DO YOU FEEL?
PRETTY GOOD.
I TOLD HER.
WELL, SEE?
SO MAYBE IT WASN'T
SUCH A BAD IDEA
ME KISSING YOUR MOM.
HUH? HUH?
BUT WE DON'T HAVE
TO GO DOWN THAT ROAD.
OKAY. NOW, THIS IS
JUST THE FIRST CHAPTER
AND I WANT YOUR ABSOLUTE
HONEST OPINION. OKAY?
OH! AND ON PAGE TWO, HE'S NOT
REACHING FOR HER HEAVING BEASTS.
WHAT'S A NIFFLE?
YOU CAN USUALLY FIND THEM
ON THE HEAVING BEASTS.
OH!
ALL RIGHT, ALL RIGHT.
SO I'M NOT A GREAT TYPIST.
WAIT, DID YOU GET TO THE PART
ABOUT HIS HUGE THROBBING PENS?
DON'T WANT TO BE AROUND
WHEN HE STARTS
WRITING WITH THOSE.
ALL RIGHT, THAT'S IT.
GIVE IT BACK.